# CS-255
## DriverPass Project Reflection
Our client, DriverPass, is trying to fill a void that is learning and course material surrounding getting a license through the DMV's driving exam. For their system, they were wanting an web-based cloud environment that would provide classes, practice exams, and allow for creating/modifying/cancelling reservations for an instructor lead driving practice.  
For taking this project on by myself and without a proper team, I believe I did extremely well. Particularly with the work that I did through the second project, including multiple UML diagrams as well as describing the system to a non-technical audience. Differing between presenting to multiple audiences can be difficult, as the audience may not understand some of the typical jargon, or other terminology. Especially once you are well versed in a specific topic, it can almost be easier to describe what is going on using these terms.  
If I were to go back and revise any part of these documents, I would choose to go through and update and elaborate on some of the more nit-picky topics that I did not cover well enough initially. While I still stand by my belief that I performed more than well enough, there were some small things that I missed that should have been included initially.  
For interpretting the user's needs, I placed myself in the spot of the user, determining what I would expect out of the system and what I felt would be fitting to be included. It is extremely important to consider the needs of the user when you are initially designing a program. The users are the people that could potentially be using the program each day. If you were to ignore their needs or preferences, the user's experience will falter, leading to them not being as likely to continue using the program, causing the company to lose active users.  
I tend to use this same approach when I am designing software as I believe that the individual user's experience should be at a top priority. I would continue using this approach in the future to continue putting the user first and continuing to enhance their experience.
